hey what's going on everybody it should
work halo look back with another green
screen vlog number eight this time
around yes with your favorite show on
the internet by your favorite big guy
yeah you know what it is we're not gonna
do anything it can bullshit today so
let's just get to it you know first they
don't want to do I'm gonna throw some
green screen effects this is a green
screen vlog right so what are you gonna
do got throw a green screen effects bail
there you go all right first things
first let's get this out of the way you
know how it is let's get the shout
outside of the way shout out to my homie
falafel copter a homeless saying that
right his channels up here and go check
it out this also his birthday so believe
it channel comment on his channel saying
happy birthday so yeah
happy birthday falafel copter he's got a
pretty cool channel gameplays and all
that stuff good stuff so yeah also
another birthday shout I want to give
out of his Cyrus the King's birthday was
last week so yeah go check out Cyrus the
king of course he's over here I always
put him in the description too so yeah
shout to him also I want to shout out I
want to shout out my big my friend
little G again forgetting on that Jack
my swag track which you can check out
over here truth the man's already that
make sure you go check out smiles all
these cuz I'm gonna go subscribe to him
he's a new kid on YouTube he's only got
so many subscribers he's pretty good so
yeah go check him out and if I missing
anybody I'll get you next time okay I
promise
alright next thing we want to do we want
to do the weather forecast so let's go
ahead and put this forecast up right now
over here and it's looking like you got
today which is a Monday you got that
over there and it's a
it's going to be at least a good 90
degrees great day for summer so that's
good for that then Tuesday you've gotten
us another nice sunny day throughout the
rest of your week there might be a
slight chance of possibility of rain but
otherwise you're looking great all right
hold on
Oh what the heck man every freakin time
there's always got to be something
random okay folks I'll take care of this
one there we go I took care of it all
right another thing I want to talk about
them you know there's this thing they're
trying to put on YouTube right now it's
called Operation cosmic panda and what
cosmic panda is it's gonna make your
whole YouTube layout look different it's
gonna make everything that you look
different if you're a partner you're not
going to be able to have banners or
anything and won't show your
subscription and just won't show any
friends you have none of that good stuff
and so I think they should not do this
cosmic panda and if you want I will put
a link to a petition down below to sign
that not do cosmic pan because cosmic
panda sucks I've tried it out and it
will torille so yeah go protest against
cosmic panda link will be in the
description please go do that we want to
keep our YouTube the same sure the black
the black thing looks cool the black bar
the new black bar and then the lol is
the rate of whatever lol is what the
hell hum all those those are pretty cool
but just keep it as it is you know
alright you know little Wayne just
released a new mixtape this week it's
called sorry for the wait and he did one
of these songs called - cheese bag he
also did a song with little B but his
album artwork if you look at the album
artwork which I'm gonna put up here cuz
you can't copyright that fair use fair
use YouTube see fair use so yeah I'm
reviewing this
if you look at the album artwork don't
you see something funny about that is it
it look all read to you already
hmm I wonder is that something to do
with the recording I don't know you know
maybe the roadie it's after us
sorry for the wait what are we waiting
for the recording
I hope not I hope the Illuminati stays
away alright well that's it for all the
green-screen vlog for today we went
through everything on the agenda and
I'll see you here next time for
green-screen vlog number nine it should
boy chalo chalo boy swag
k.will day no and I'm now deuces
you know it's a typical green-screen
vlog when I got to do this piece